Fix thread-safety for concurrent uncached calls (#224)
panorama-ed/memo_wise: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Unreleased

> - Fix theoretical thread-safety issue for concurrent calls to an uncached
>   zero argument method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix thread-safety issue in concurrent calls to zero-arg method in unmemoized
  state which resulted in a `nil` value being accidentally returned in one thread
```

Reviewer: Apologies for the nit-pick, but I would say this issue was demonstrably _not purely theoretical_ 😄
